Add alt text to Jupyter documentation (#1)
isabela-pf/jupyter: docs/source/contributing/docs-contributions/doc-new-translation.md

### The translation process

> ![Translation CI/CD ](static/translation-ci-cd.png "Diagram of the translation continuous integration

Reviewer: I am working on this!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram of Translation CI and CD. Different steps are represented by humans, files and websites icons connected by arrows](static/translation-ci-cd.png "Diagram of the translation continuous integration 
```

languages. ReadTheDocs will associate the sites with one another and make them accessible via
language links in a popup.

> ![ReadTheDocs popup ](static/translation-rtd-popup.png "Screenshot of the ReadTheDocs popup that

Reviewer 2: I'm working on this!

> ![ReadTheDocs popup ](static/translation-rtd-popup.png "Screenshot of the ReadTheDocs popup that

Reviewer: I am working on this!

> ![ReadTheDocs popup ](static/translation-rtd-popup.png "Screenshot of the ReadTheDocs popup that
> allows a user to view documentation in a different language")

Reviewer 2: I'm working on this!
```suggestion
![Screenshot of the Jupyter Project Documenation site with the ReadTheDocs popup open, showing links to the documentation in other languages.](static/translation-rtd-popup.png)
```
